Lab 3
OOP3

1

2. Polymorphism is when we ask multiple objects to carry out a task, and each object does so in its own way. 
This is also called Dynamic method lookup, it allows us to treat objects of different classes in a uniform way. 

Polymorphism is an OOP technique which makes it possible to design and implement systems that are more easily extensible. 
It allows programs to process generically – using superclass objects - objects of all existing classes in a given hierarchy

In Java, method calls are always determined by the type of the actual object, not the type of the variable containing the object reference 
This is called dynamic method lookup.

3.  Late binding, or dynamic binding, is a computer programming mechanism in which the method being called upon an 
    object is looked up by name at runtime. So in q1 when we use toString() method on the tank and the car, which toString() used is determined 
    at run time by which type of object is calling it.
    
4&5.  The main primary difference between a abstract and concrete class is that an abstract class can not be instantiated. Generally abstract classes 
    are higher up the hierachy chart and concrete classes inherit from them. So you could have a abstract Person class which has two concrete 
    subclasses like Pupil and Teacher. Both of the concrete classes inherit all methods of Person and if those methods are abstract,
    they must complete (write) them.    

6a) You cannot instantiate an abstract class. It makes sense to make employee abstract so that you can give certain attributes and methods to 
   	subclasses.
   	
b)  If you try to make employee concrete you must finish the abstract earning method.

c)  ??

d)  It is possible for an abstract class to contain no abstract methods

e)  An Error occurs if you try to put {} in an abstract method or remove the ';'

7f) You can tell Manager is concrete because it is final

g)	If a class is final, it can not be extended. It is the end of the hierachy chart.

h)  Manager extends Employee so we know it inherits from it. We prove this by seeing that Manager writes the abstract method earnings()

i)  In the Manager multi constructor, super(fn,ln) is used. This is reference to the multi argument constructor in the parent class Employee, 
	although it is allowed to be called in this manner, it must be used in the first line of the Manager constructor
	
j) 	Any attempt to set a negative number for salery will default the salery to 0.

k)	Manager must have earnings() method and it must have that name because it inherits from Employee and must finish that abstract method

l)	You need to have the super reference to toString or else you get a runtime error.

m)	The toString() method actually is an example of overriding because it is redefining what toString() does

8a)	When the driver calls toString() and earnings() on emp, these are examples of polymorphism becasue depending on 	
	what is in emp (manager or hw) will determine what method is used. 
   	 
b)	JOptionPane.showMessageDialog(null,String.format("\n%s: earnings were $%.2f\n\n",
       emp.toString(),emp.earnings()));   before the program runs, it does not know what class will be calling these methods, so this	
       is dynamic method binding
      
c) 	You cannot convert from superclass to subclass

       
       
